All righty, so let's go ahead and zoom in here,
and let's create a new file for our Rectangle.
All right, so let me kind of clean up
my windows here for a second.
Give me one second here, close that off.
Okay, great, so let's go ahead
and define our Rectangle class.
So I'm going to copy paste some stuff
from one of my other files.
So I'll copy paste from Circle.
I'll move to Rectangle, I'll do a paste,
and I'll simply change the class name.
So instead of Circle it's Rectangle.
So I'm in Recatangle.ts,
I just did a little copy paste
from Circle over to Rectangle.
So now what I'll actually do is define my properties
for _width and _length.
And then I'll go through the normal drill
of generating the get and set accessors.
And I'll just kind of space things out a bit,
between those methods,
and I'll actually move down to line 15,
and I'll cut that private property for _length, move up,
and then paste it at the top.
I just like to keep my properties close together,
and my accessors near the bottom.
And then I'll move in here and I'll define my constructor.
So I'll have two regular parameters coming in
for theX and theY.
And then I'll also define those private properties here
for _width and _length.
So a little cut paste exercise here.
And I'll just do a little clean up here at the top.
Okay great, so the first line there,
those are the regular parameters, theX and theY,
and then _width and _length,
those are the parameter properties.
Okay, that looks good.
So now I'll simply make a call here
to my super class constructor,
and I pass in theX and theY.
Okay great, so our Rectangle class looks pretty good.
So let's go ahead and move down here to the bottom
and what I want to do is actually override the getInfo.
So I'll just kind of copy the version
of getInfo from Circle class,
and I'll paste it here into Rectangle.
There are some other ways we can do this
but for right now I'm just doing it the manual way.
I'll show you some automated ways to do this
in some other future videos.
But anyways, we have getInfo in the Rectangle class,
and we have super.getInfo calling a superclass method,
and then we simply override it
and we add our _width and our _length.
All righty, so that's the getInfo method here
for our Rectangle class.
Okay, so let's swing back over to our Driver,
and let's add support here for our Rectangle class.
So we simply create a new instance of Rectangle.
So we pass in theX, Y, and the _width, the _length,
and it's giving me an error
saying hmm, can't find Rectangle.
Oh, okay, I need to just simply do an import up top.
So we just do a Rectangle, from Rectangle,
and again in some later videos
I'll show some additional tricks
on how to make this process a little easier,
but for now we'll just kind of do it manually.
And then finally console.log, and I say myRectangle.getInfo.
Okay, so I just move into my Terminal window here.
And just make sure I'm in the correct directory here
for 05-inheritance.
I just compile the code, and then I run the code.
So I run that Driver.js.
And then there's our output,
so the first line's for myShape,
and then myCircle, and then myRectangle.
All right, this looks great.
So we set up an inheritance example here using TypeScript.
I'd like to say, good job!